gpu: document bug in 7.79 version (#38141)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/gpu_monitoring/setup.md

#### Minimum version requirements

- **Datadog Agent**: v7.80

>   - (preferred version: >v7.80). Datadog advises against using v7.79.x as there is a bug impacting metric values that is not present in other agent versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (Peferred version: >v7.80). Datadog advises against using v7.79.x as there is a bug impacting metric values that is not present in other Agent versions.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated 👍

#### Minimum version requirements

- **Datadog Agent**: v7.74

>   - Versions 7.79.x contain a bug that affects the values of certain GPU utilization metrics in Hopper and Blackwell GPUs, it is recommended to avoid that branch and install a newer version (7.80 or later) or, if upgrades are not possible, install a version previous to 7.79.0 (7.78.0 or earlier).

Reviewer 3: Don't love highlighting these issues so prominently in our set up docs 

```suggestion
  - (preferred version: v7.80). We advise against using v7.79.x as there is a bug impacting metric values that is not present in other agent versions.
```
